well we had a plan which was to put
boxing on show and raise money for
charity
the day was significant for me this of
course is being Armistice Day and I was
just determined that we could do
something that makes sport and charity
on Remembrance Day itself they should
have fun big national TV
it should grateful fundraising event but
more importantly what it means is that
we can raise funds for these fortunes
we're going back injured people either
mentally wounded or physically wounded
boxing displays the skills that we need
on the frontline in Afghanistan courage
determination self-discipline bravery
you'll see that in the ring tonight all
of those skills we need against the
Taliban you know we're one of the best
clubs in the country we had four boxes
this year in the finals of the England
ABA Championships that's the most
successful record of any amateur boxing
club in the country in our squad we have
at least two Olympic hopefuls who be
going going for medals in 2012 sighs
something something to do when I was
younger and played football like most
ever lads at that age tried my hand at
boxing and other elders started becoming
ok it doing well reaching national
national finals and championships and
then decided to push it from there when
I join the army I was on the borderline
of making it even before I joined the
army by having the facilities we have
with the army team pushed me on that
next level made me achieve more than I
ever dreamed of and I'm being
international so more than happy where
it's going so far
I think everybody contributes the night
each boxer will give 100% to each sport
and I think that's important more
importantly they're given a hundred
percent support to their obviously Joe
and I know that the audience here will
do the same